[HB-7689] Catching up with latest certified versions (#78)
ChartBoost/chartboost-mediation-android-adapter-amazon-publisher-services: CHANGELOG.md

Note the first digit of every adapter version corresponds to the major version of the Chartboost Mediation SDK compatible with that adapter. 
Adapters are compatible with any Chartboost Mediation SDK version within that major version.

### 5.9.10.1.0
- Add `bannerSize` parameter to `AmazonPublisherServicesAdapterPreBidRequest`. 

> - This version of the adapter has been certified with Amazon Publisher Services SDK 9.9.5.

Reviewer: should update this line, too.

> - This version of the adapter has been certified with Amazon Publisher Services SDK 9.9.5.

Author: ```suggestion
- This version of the adapter has been certified with Amazon Publisher Services SDK 9.10.1.
```
